Impossible, I keep people watching your account.
Your account has 31% shares,
I don't even know. It's you.
Ms. Jiang authorized me to handle Jiangshi Group stock purchases with full authority.
It just so happens that our company is very interested in cooperating.
How much more than you.
Not much, just two resorts on the seaside were left to them to take care of.
Compared to what you gave Jiang Mian, it's just a drop in the bucket. Damn it!
Even if you own 31% of the shares,
Jiang Mian's family and I also have 30%.
I also need liquid assets to buy Hyundai shares
plus 5% of the fish return
It's not your turn to have the final say in the Jiang family, right?
Do you think you still have the shares on hand? Take it?
You see clearly
The shares in your hand
It has been released these days and now
How much stock do you and Jiang Mian hold?
Less than ten percent
how so
This is how it should be
That's right for a while
The second brother was the bastard we passed on very early on.
My beloved daughter wants to swallow the young master whole behind my back. What are you doing?
It’s not that we want creation
It was you who forced us to argue against the means
How can we compare to eldest brother and the Jiang Mianjiang family?
My surname is Jiang too
You don't need a person who is responsible for strange accounts